for us to get back is to move Elephant Walk to right before Final Review and make it serious and get that back.
And they've started trying to do that a few years back and they have made it better.
Get rid of the word zip, dead, dead, that.
Do away with it.
Do away with, beat the hell out of it.
to be in every outfit and give them an outfit of their own and maybe have one outfit that's 50-50 for those guys who want to be in a girl's outfit and those girls who want to be in a guy.
That is true diversity which seems to be the major word on this campus this day.
So there's some things like that that are little steps that could be taken tomorrow and return bonfire and let them cut.
Those four or five things right there would make a tremendous difference on this campus and I think you'd start hearing howdy again.
because of what occurs in those when we start taking things serious.
It's easy to go downhill and become like everybody else and there are some who would love for us to right here on this campus and some of your fellow administrators and faculty members I'm afraid.
It's okay if you don't have me preaching.
Commencement.
Recall commencement.
Why is A&M commencement so special?
Well mainly because we have,
forever provided so many officers into our military services to help protect and defend the Constitution of the United States.
And we're the largest producer of officers outside the military academies in the country.
In fact, in World War II, we produced more officers for War II than even the military academies or any other school.
So the fact that our history has always been servants
serving, giving, going the extra mile, doing what it takes.
And therefore, commencement for those who are getting ready to go and serve their country unselfishly is a very important event.
I remember at mine, I had on my Air Force blues and one of the underclassmen cadets, I'd just taken off my boots and Aggie uniform for the last time, put on those blues.
They were saying something about how sharp it looked in those blues and the same.
I said, but not like the senior boots.
So yes, it is a special time and important time for us to... Is there something special at commencement when, as they hand you the diploma, every name is called, every hand is shaken?
Is that something special at A&M?
Oh, yes.
I'm sorry, you were talking about commencement.
I was talking about commissioning.
No, no, no.
Yeah, exactly.
I was talking about commissioning.
Commencement, yes.
Well, it is.
Here, congratulations.
You have completed the task.
You're on your road.
You're on a new journey.
You're still climbing the mountain, but you've taken the first steps and the necessary steps, and this is our telling you.
But it is a special time there for the last time.
As you were getting ready to leave the campus as a new graduate, how well prepared did you feel A&M had made you?
Well, very well prepared in many areas and could have more if I had been a better student from the academic standpoint.
I could have done much more.
That's nobody's fault but my own.
But what I got
throughout the years, since 1961, beginning for over 40 years, are those things that made America strong.
A&M, again, it's about your character.
It's about behavior.
It is that other education.
You can go to any school and pretty much get a pretty good education
traits that are necessary that'll stay with you for your lifetime, and those being consequences for your actions, which we don't see much of in America, whether you're talking about O.J.
or President Clinton or many other people.
And right here on campus, we've become more slack in consequences for your actions, and I hate to see that, but having those basic principles of life that'll carry on throughout your life, really many of them Christian traits,
if you want to be honest about it and tell the whole truth, most of them are based on Christian principles.
And it's not about being politically correct to me at A&M, it's about being plain old correct.
It's not about your gender, it's about your genuineness.
It's not about your standards, the positions you hold, but the positions you take is what really matters at A&M and that's where
going the extra mile, the golden rule.
Those are the traits of helping your fellow man, of being unselfish.
Those are the traits that's gonna make America great, continue to be great, and if we ever lose those, and we start focusing on self, what's in it for me, me, me, we're falling down the primrose path that has led many others down the wrong road, and it's a broad road.
So staying on the narrow road,
It's what I hope we do at A&M and never forget where we came from and our roots.
Tradition is important.
We're getting near the end of the questions that I have thought of.
You've mentioned part of this already, but the question is, if you were a consultant to the A&M leadership today,
what advice would you give them about guiding A&M to even greater success in the future?
In addition to what you've already, any other suggestions you'd make to them?
Yes, and this will probably keep me from ever getting a job at Texas A&M.
But scrap a large part of Vision 2020.
Don't try to be everything to everybody.
We've got some great music schools
in Texas.
We don't need another one just to satisfy a few people.
Do not be ashamed of the ag image of Texas A&M, of the farm boy down to earth, blue jean, boots, hard working.
Do not be ashamed of the military and the Corps of Cadets at A&M.
Do not try to become like TU, Harvard, Yale,
We can be great academically for quit using the word becoming world class.
I personally have always felt like we've been heavenly class.
Why should we want to go down to being world class?
And most of that has to do with character, behaviors, what kind of people we bring in here.
And it's so hard in a university to
to be conservative.
I know the tendency is for faculty, it just draws those kind of people that are liberal and have this ideology of everything draws in you're okay and I'm okay and whatever you want to do is fine and if it feels good do it and do your own thing and that all came from the 60s and it's killed us and we need to stay away from that
And we start talking about being a giver, not a taker.
I tell my friends, if we'd put about $50 million into the fine arts here, we could become as good as North Texas was 30, 40 years ago.
Exactly.
See, the fine arts costs more to teach than any other subject except human medicine.
Is that right?
Yeah, because you see, it's one-on-one.
Think how much the materials cost, the instruments and all that.
That's a good point.
I hadn't thought of that standpoint.
So we need to be careful about not, there's more to it than just getting the top 10% of those who make $1,500 on the SAT.
I'd not really have somebody that's well-rounded and has character.
and it's proven it.
And there's ways to dig that.
Is it hard to do?
Weed out, yes, but people that want to be aged.
If somebody made it possible for you to pass a million dollars onto A&M, somebody gives you a check and says, here, got to give it to them.
If you could make a major gift to A&M, for what purpose would you want that gift used?
Okay, well, you know, this might, because of America, the way we've become, it might not even be allowed, but I would,
I am so pleased that we have a breakaway, that we have on a state campus five to seven thousand kids that will go to a Bible study on their own on a Tuesday night.
Now, that's what I personally would like to give it to, whether the school can do that or not, but if not, the Corps of Cadets.
I would put it back into the Corps.
And what would you have the Corps do with it?
leadership and behavior character training, because much as I love the Corps, there's a lot wrong with the Corps.
And just because you're in the Corps doesn't mean that you're the best Aggie there is.
I'm smarter than that.
I know there are a lot of non-reg civilian students on A&M that are better Aggies than some cadets.
But still, that's still the foundation that we've got to keep strong, that who'll play taps
Who'll carry the flags?
Who'll raise the flags?
Who'll go to the corps trips?
Who'll play the war hand?
Who'll go the extra mile?
You know, I have a strong feel for the corps.
And I love these other students too.
I mean, I hope you understand I'm not liking anybody.
To what A&M former students, teachers, advisors, administrators do you feel most grateful for?
The people that I really look up to are people like Gene Stallings, Shelby Metcalfe.
I like them.
And this will rankle some people, but I like Jackie Sherrill because Jackie Sherrill caught on to what A&M was about.
Media hated him, all of our opponents hated him, but he loved A&M.
Right or wrong, I don't know how he treated the faculty.
I don't know about what he did right or wrong with recruiting and all that, but I'll say this.
He caught on.
He was on the stack.
He worked on bonfire.
He started the towel raving.
He started the 12th man kickoff team.
That was big time stuff, and students responded.
I'll never forget that ball game here against the Cubs when we beat them 42 to 10 or something, and I had never heard the student body
It was great and so I'd like to see that type of spirit return where we're talking about good stuff instead of constantly talking about bad stuff.
What was your question again?
Oh yeah, of course Earl Rudder, you know, that can you not include him in that as far as we're talking about individuals.
But the core, the upperclassmen that taught me so much, my outfit,
my yellator buddies, all of that that we went through, all of those people.
Just mostly the common people.
Pinky, people I call common people, you know, that aren't necessarily the big time money givers.
I don't know a lot of them.
Great people, I appreciate what they do, but a lot of them haven't necessarily touched me.
All right, this next question is, I just realized I hadn't asked you earlier, and it's comparatively unimportant, and then I've got the last.
When you were around as a student, did you know about the existence of any secret fraternities?
I did not.
I had never heard of anything secret until 1998 when my daughter was here.
My daughter.
And she said, Dad, did you know anything
about a group called Strikers or, is that the name?
Strikers or Streaker?
Do you know what I'm talking about?
The TTs and the Stickers.
Stickers.
Yeah, that's it.
I said Strikers.
And the last question.
What feelings do you carry in your heart today for Texas A&M?
Well, tremendous.
I would be amiss if I didn't say that my central focus is serving my Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.
But a big portion of that, I don't have to separate A&M from that.
I'm not saying that everybody at A&M is Christian by any means, but I'm just saying that many of the principles that A&M is based on, whether people like to hear it or it's politically correct or not,
The fact remains, they're based on Christian principles.
You just can't get away from it.
It's over our building doors.
It's those people that start muster, that start silver taps, that start these service, all these great service things that the kids do and big event day.
That's giving.
Giving comes from a Christ-like spirit.
Everybody might not give that to Christ,
And that's where, at Texas A&M, I owe a lot of my, not only my Christian life and behavior and character, but a lot of it was developed here.
It started earlier in my life with my parents, but it matured here in many ways.
And the love of my fellow classmates and my core buddies
are the ones who will carry me to my grave.
They're the ones that were in my wedding.
They're the ones I look forward to seeing.
They're the reason that I moved back to Texas A&M.
It's because of the great experiences that I've had here.
And I'm hoping to be a part of continuing those things that are great to ensure that these students today have a lot of those same experiences.
I have people telling me, well, they're different today.
You don't understand.
living in the past, and I tell them no, things that matter are the same.
Character, devotion, duty, honor, country, faith, love, giving, all of those things, that's what they're hungry for.
And that's what we can give them.
The A&M can develop you physically, mentally, and spiritually.
And I'm so glad that we're a university that does that, for the most part, unashamed.
always carry that banner high and we better be careful.
We better be careful because we can go downhill fast.
We better be sober and vigilant in carrying out what A&M was really based on and what has made me love A&M so, Aggieland, why I love her so.
That's great.